Restructure CI/CD docs (#2036)
astronomer/docs: astro/set-up-ci-cd.md

---

> sidebar_label: 'Set up CI/CD'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'Choose a CI/CD strategy'
```

> title: 'Develop a CI/CD pipeline for deploying code to Astro'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Choose a CI/CD Strategy for deploying code to Astro'
```
